Initial attempt at scala automated comments for two-fer (#1148)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/scala/general/unnecessary_return.md

> Scala best practicies indicate that the `return` keyword should be avoided. In Scala the last expression in a function will be returned. Specifying return explicitly at the end of a function can have unintended side effects. [Say No To Return](https://blog.knoldus.com/scala-best-practices-say-no-to-return/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scala best practicies indicate that the `return` keyword should be avoided. In Scala, the last expression in a function will be returned. Specifying `return` explicitly at the end of a function can have unintended side effects. [Say No To Return](https://blog.knoldus.com/scala-best-practices-say-no-to-return/).
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scala best practices indicate that the `return` keyword should be avoided. In Scala, the result of the last expression in a function is implicitly returned. Specifying `return` explicitly at the end of a function can have unintended side effects. [Say No To Return](https://blog.knoldus.com/scala-best-practices-say-no-to-return/).
```
